Peer review #1 - Risks
The first formal inspection was held on Tuesday, Jan 17 at 4:10 PM on Risk analysis. The inspection was led by Tushita Patel, the Project Lead because a Risk Officer was not yet assigned. 
Because of shortage of time, the material could not be made available to all members several days before the day of the inspection. A rough copy of the Risk evaluation was shared with the group a day prior to the inspection and everybody was notified about this exception.
First, the strategies to analyze risks were discussed as well as some key terms and their meanings such as Mitigation plans and Contingency plans. 
Second, some of the risks that were pre-dentified were discussed, and mitigation and contingency plans for those risks were evaluated and noted.
Third, attendees were encouraged to suggest more risks that were not covered. These risks were discussed in depth, along with their mitigation and contingency plans.
Lastly, nominations for risk officer position were held, and Ryan Tetland volunteered to take on the responsibilites of a risk officer.
The Risk report was then passed on to Ryan to edit and turn into a well-documented report to go along with ID1 submission.


Peer review #2 - Schedule and Documentation Structure 
The schedule (timeline) for the entire coursework as well as the documentation structure was deemed necessary for the group to review. The goal was to re-inform the group about the setup as well as to get feedback for improvement in ease of usability and accessibility of these particulars as they should be frequently utilized. A final version was made available to the members seven days prior to the review to make it convenient for everybody to come prepared to the review. This inspection was led by Tushita Patel, who also created the timeline and documentation structure. During the inspection, upcoming deadlines and general format for each ID duration was finalized. The general format includes deadlines for development, risk report, risk scans, as well as suitable day for debriefing and client meetings. A date for a bug party was also decided to suit everybody's preferences - Saturday Feb 18. It was also decided that no major meetings would be held during the week after February break because of high priority on midterms. Additional deadlines for ID 4 and 5 - User Documentation, tutorials and final defect reports were also proposed and agreed upon by all team members.
